

Bob is planning on throwing a party for all his friends. Bob loves maths, especially there is a list of integers that he loves a lot. 
For the party he made some tags with his favorite numbers written on it (There are infinite number of tags with the same number). 

He wanted to invite the friends only in couples. 
He decided to give one tag to each person and wants to distribute the tags in a way that the sum of numbers written on the tags of a couple is a prime number.  
Bob wants that there is at least one person with tag in his favorite list.
 
Bob also doesn't want to invite a lot of people, so can you help him find the minimum number of couples he has to invite to fulfill the above conditions?

Input
First line contains n the number of favorite numbers in Bob's list.
Next line contains n integers, denoting the numbers (Ai) that Bob likes.

Output

Find and print the minimum number of couples that Bob has to invite to satisfy the above given conditions.(See the explanation of sample case for more clarity) If not possible print "-1".

Constraints

1 ≤ n ≤ 3000
1 ≤ Ai ≤ 105

Example
Input 1:
3
3 2 5

Output 1:
2

Note: There were some changes in the statement and constraints. Please read the problem again, we regret the inconvenience. 

 
Explanation
Example case 1. 
He can invite 2 couples and give them the tags as:
(2,5) and (2,3). You can see that the sum of every couple is prime and we have at least one person with his favorite tag.

Author:
npl_nitw
Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/NPLELF
Tags:

               
                 bipartite, edge-cover, graphs, npl_nitw, prime
                 
               
             
             

                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A
Date Added:
13-10-2016
Time Limit:
1 secs
Source Limit:
50000 Bytes
Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM

Submit